[16.0][ADD] stock_picking_operations_multilang (#328)
OCA/stock-logistics-reporting: stock_picking_operations_multilang/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

To set up a specific language for Picking Operations:

* Go to Inventory > Configuration > Warehouses.
* Select the warehouse for which you want to set up the language for the Picking Operations report.
* Choose the Picking Operation Language option. There are two options:
    * Partner: It will use the language of the partner for the picking. If there is no partner for the picking, it will use the standard behavior of Odoo.
    * Warehouse: If you select this option, you must fill in the Warehouse Language field, and this will be applied to Picking Operations.

>     * If you leave bank, it will use the standard behavior of Odoo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If left blank, it will use the standard behavior of Odoo.
```
